Rewrite release guide to match new release process (#130)
qutip/qutip-doc: release_distribution.rst

- Edit ``download.html``

    * The 'Latest release' version and date should be updated.

>     * The gztar and zip links will need the micro release number updating in the trackEvent jacascript, file name and label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The gztar and zip links will need the micro release number updated in the trackEvent javascript, the file name and the label.
```
